SCP-4.9.0 Release Doc updated (#885)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/configuration/storefront-compatibility/v248.mdx

Most of these changes enhance the Adobe Commerce GraphQL schema. However, miscellaneous bugfixes are also included. The drop-in components require this package.

:::note[Note]

> This Storefront Compatibility Package can be installed on Adobe Commerce 2.4.8 only. Fixes in this package upto `SCP-4.8.8` will be included automatically in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9. Lower versions of Adobe Commerce are not supported. Magento Open Source is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Storefront Compatibility Package can be installed on Adobe Commerce 2.4.8 only. Fixes in this package up to `SCP-4.8.8` will be included automatically in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9. Lower versions of Adobe Commerce are not supported. Magento Open Source is not supported.
```
